For women
For men
Kitchen
VPN services
Real estate
Marketplaces
Online fitting room
Social network
Trips
News
Articles
Exhibitions
Playlists
Interior
Search
Per fumum
Happiness depends on ourselves. Aristotle
Happiness is a state of mind. It depends on your view of things. Walt Disney
Simplicity makes me happy. Alicia Keys
Happiness is the secret of all beauty. Without happiness there is no beauty. Christian Dior
Think about all the beauty that is still around you and be happy. Anne Frank
Happiness is living each day as if it were the first day of your honeymoon and the last day of your vacation. Lev Tolstoy
Be happy at this moment. This moment is your life. Omar Khayyam
The truly wise and happy are never in a hurry. Maxim Lagachev
From one candle you can light thousands of candles, and its life will not be shortened. Happiness never diminishes from being shared. Buddha
Happiness is not a goal, it is a by-product of a life well lived. Charles M. Schultz
Source:
Fashion
Technology
Chinese trade brands are actively introducing artificial intelligence into marketing
Artificial intelligence is being successfully implemented in a wide variety of industries around the world, and China is at the forefront of this technological revolution. The discussion of new, not yet fully disclosed neural network capabilities has become one of the key topics at the International Consumer Goods Exhibition in China. Representatives of trade brands are actively exploring the potential of artificial intelligence in the field of marketing. Our correspondent will continue the topic.
Raul Pardeilhan is the face of several global luxury brands. The native of Argentina, widely known in acting and modeling circles, has been working in China for 13 years. He recently settled on Hainan Island.
Actor and model Raul Pardeilhan: "I will turn 42 next month. There are many interesting offers on Hainan for people like me. For mature, accomplished people who have more opportunities to buy an expensive car, yacht, go play golf."
Now, for those who are engaged in advertising and modeling, everything is much more complicated than before. Artificial intelligence can create an image of a dream on its own. Raul decided to fight for the opportunity to stay in the profession.
Actor and model Raul Pardailhan: "I decided to team up with those who understand the work of neural networks. I am interested in using not only my external data, but also my mental abilities. I already speak Chinese, but I'm going to use artificial intelligence to translate my videos into a variety of languages."
Fashion brands such as Burberry, Dolce & Gabbana, Coach have already begun to use the capabilities of artificial intelligence.
Coach China President Liliana Lucioni: "Artificial intelligence is a new productivity tool that we use in our marketing campaign, a new way of working that allows us to be more accurate in forecasting the market, better understand our customers and create a strong and successful brand story."
Artificial intelligence can detect consumer trends and popularity of certain products in advance, visualize data to create individual content. All this is to attract an audience and increase sales. There is no shortage of data collection in China to make artificial intelligence smarter. But the main task is to use the data obtained, strictly adhering to ethical standards.
Fan Wei, co-managing partner of the Chinese Institute of Artificial Intelligence Deloitte: "How to create an artificial intelligence that is trustworthy so that its behavior is monitored? There are several points here. First, the government needs to introduce standard regulation. We see that the leadership of most countries, including the Chinese government, are doing this. It is necessary to introduce clear rules in our industry as well: what data should I disclose, what should I give up, what protective barriers should I build when using this technology."
The discussion on how to draw the line between creative imagination and a false representation of reality will continue for a long time. In this new technology race, it is important to remember that artificial intelligence, for all its perfection, only performs the creative task assigned to it by man. Talent, work and creativity are still valued.
news
The international exhibition in the field of fashion and textiles TEXPO 2024 is being held in Bishkek
Bishkek gathered hundreds of world leaders of the garment and textile industry at the TEXPO 2024 forum and exhibition. The main objectives of the event are to strengthen ties, exchange experience and enter new foreign markets for representatives of the textile and fashion sectors. Entrepreneurs and manufacturers from 17 countries, including China and Russia, as well as countries in Europe and Central Asia, took part in the exhibition.
The Kyrgyz garment industry is experiencing a new round of development. Many enterprises in the country are actively investing in modern equipment that will allow them to strengthen their positions in the global market and improve the quality of their products. This is one of those garment factories that keeps up with the times.
Founder of the Kyrgyz women's clothing brand Bazargul Samieva: "We have installed the latest intelligent sewing equipment from China. Chinese specialists train our employees to work on it. There are no analogues of such equipment in Central Asia. Such an automated process will allow us to significantly increase production capacity and expand the range of products. We are scaling up production in order to enter the international market."
Helping Kyrgyz manufacturers enter the global market and sign contracts with foreign partners is one of the main tasks of the TEXPO 2024 international exhibition, which is taking place today in Bishkek, the capital of Kyrgyzstan.
CGTN's own correspondent, Russian Zarina Saifudinova: "The exhibition brought together manufacturers, distributors, importers, exporters, sellers and buyers from many countries, including China, Russia, European and Central Asian countries. Participants have the opportunity not only to present their products and services at the exhibition site, but also to take part in intensive business events such as a business forum, workshops and B2B meetings."
Hundreds of representatives of the garment industry discussed current trends and future prospects of the industry. The largest delegation came from Russia, consisting of shopkeepers and showrooms, buyers and managers of marketplaces.
Semyon Pimenov, founder of the women's clothing brand, Russia: "Kyrgyz production is attractive primarily for two things. Firstly, it is close, we are in the same customs union, you can quickly transfer, you can pay in rubles. This is the first one. And the second is such an ideological closeness."
There are about 3 thousand garment factories operating in Kyrgyzstan, which sew products for export worth more than $ 150 million. According to data from last year, more than 90% of women's outerwear imported to Russia came from Kyrgyzstan. The forum provides an opportunity for entrepreneurs to establish new supplies.
Ilya Garmyshev, representative of Tolmach Toys, Russia: "We just stopped by a factory yesterday. They have about 300 seamstresses, they are ready to close our volumes. Tomorrow they will show us the samples that they rejected. We will probably decide to work with them if we agree on a price."
In 2023, Kyrgyzstan's exports to Russia amounted to more than 22 million pieces of clothing. The increase in the volume of deliveries in 5 positions is especially noticeable, such as women's and men's knitwear, blouses, underwear and T-shirts.
Minister of Economy and Commerce of the Kyrgyz Republic Daniyar Amangeldiev: "Over the past 4 years alone, the growth rate of our industry has been about 2-3 percent. By the end of 2024, we assume that the growth rate of the light industry will be around 20%."
The growth of orders implies the development of production. Therefore, the forum attracted the attention of manufacturers from China. They presented fabrics, accessories and the latest industrial equipment at the insert.
Textile manufacturer, China Xu Xinjie: "I brought a map with samples of fabrics that we produce. For example, women's and men's office suits can be sewn from these fabrics. These are suitable for school uniforms. Our fabrics are light and comfortable."
Representative of the sewing equipment manufacturing company, China Li Na: "We have brought modern sewing equipment to Kyrgyzstan. All devices are adapted to the Russian language, which makes it easier to learn and work on our equipment. We know that the fashion and textile industry is developing well in the country. On the second day, agreements were reached with Kyrgyz garment manufacturers on the supply of our products."
Over the past 20 years, the textile and clothing industry of Kyrgyzstan has entered the top five sectors of the economy. Kyrgyzstan has become a record holder in the EAEU in the field of light industry. This is due to the fact that the quality of manufactured products is getting better every year.
world
events
The Chinese International Fashion Week of the autumn-winter 2024 season has opened in Beijing
The Chinese International Fashion Week 2024 opened in Beijing, where the latest trends of the autumn-winter season were presented. At the show, the designers used the intangible cultural heritage of the Miao people as a source of inspiration for their models and showed the audience the beauty of traditional Chinese wedding culture and ancient aesthetics. Designers tried to use the wealth of ancient culture in the production of clothing in a new way. During the week, prominent Chinese and foreign fashion designers held more than 130 shows, focusing on the innovative development and aesthetics of intangible cultural heritage, digital fashion and other aspects, demonstrating the diversity of the Chinese fashion industry.
Designer Zhang Xiaoqi: "We used the patterns of traditional Chinese culture, and, with respect to history, made a transformation with a modern approach. We have changed the colors and proportions of the patterns to suit the tastes of young people."
Vice Chairman of the Chinese Fashion Association Xie Fangming: "Many designers use traditional elements and symbols of China, such as Longmen grottoes, Chinese porcelain, antique patterns, folk crafts. All this allows us to take a fresh look at the beauty of our ancient culture, as well as create inspiration for creating modern clothes."
The special guest of the Moscow Fashion Week was the Italian film star Ornella Muti, who gave a public interview for the Moskvichka magazine as part of a large-scale fashion event. In this open conversation, the actress talked about her life values, charity, fashion favorites and impressions of visits to Russia: "I like the atmosphere in Moscow, the beauty of the city and the sympathy that people show me. This is a huge gift!"
Ornella Muti also spoke frankly about her loved ones, mentioning that her grandmother was born in St. Petersburg. "I love my family, my children and grandchildren very much! I fought for her, because it is difficult to combine my profession with the role of a mother," the film actress said. The actress is accompanied by her eldest daughter Nike Rivelle at Moscow Fashion Week, who will take part in the show of the Russian brand MAISON ESVE as a model.
Russian brands have delighted the famous Italian actress, who has long been interested in the fashion of our country. The shows of Russian designers this season really impress both with their bright creativity and extensive geography. So, in the first two days on the catwalk of the Moscow Fashion Week, you could see collections of designers from Moscow, Yekaterinburg, Kaliningrad, Samara, St. Petersburg, Ulan-Ude, Chelyabinsk, Perm, Ulyanovsk, Vladivostok.
The Abzaeva brand from Ulan-Ude has rethought the traditions of the nomadic culture of Buryatia. The history of the shamanic family from the island of Olkhon, to which the founder of the brand belongs, is reflected in the collection presented at the Moscow Fashion Week in Manege. To convey her unique sense of form and time, designer Nadezhda Abzayeva used cuts, fringes and a variety of applications.
The brand from St. Petersburg Dear Passenger N. showed how a modern girl's wardrobe should look like. Clean, understandable and practical images were presented, but at the same time masterfully combining feminine elements with a restrained oversize inherent in the men's wardrobe.
The actress of the acclaimed TV series "The Word of the Kid" Elizaveta Bazykina took part in the show of the collection of the Moscow brand BITTE__RUHE. The young star took to the catwalk in an oversize fur coat with an animalistic print and a black voluminous dress with puffy sleeves. "The philosophy of our brand is that we don't have a collection. The show showed the clothes that we have been creating for all three years from the day of the brand's creation to today," Ksenia Kudryashova, designer of the BITTE__RUHE brand, shared.
Screenings at the International Exhibition and Forum "Russia" at VDNH are also invariably sold out, especially since everyone can visit them. The brand from Vladivostok KUZMA by Natalia Kuzmenko showed the collection "Palette of Changes", made mainly of natural fabrics such as costume and coat wool, corduroy, cotton. The combination of aristocratic style with grunge and Baroque gave the fashion show sophistication and uniqueness. The IVANOVA brand from Sochi presented the aesthetics of utilitarian minimalism with light romantic accents. Pastel colors were complemented by bright elements: contrasting ribbon ties for men and massive brooches in the form of flowers for women. The brand managed to organically convey the seaside theme without direct quoting.
Moscow Fashion Week has also become a real fashion hub for foreign designers. Ten countries of the world are represented on the catwalks in Moscow, including Brazil, Indonesia, China, India, South Africa and Egypt. Such cultural diversity makes the Russian capital a point of attraction for star guests, the world press and the fashionable business community interested in establishing new economic ties.
Hermès and Fendi have finally closed boutiques in GUM
Italian Fendi will cancel the lease of the last store in Russia in 2024, and French Hermès has ended the lease of a boutique in GUM. But in general, luxury brands are in no hurry to vacate the premises, hoping to resume work
The French fashion house Hermès and the Italian Fendi, which temporarily closed their boutiques in Russia two years ago, have finally left the Moscow GUM. Lease agreements for the corresponding stores from the Russian "daughters" of luxury companies (Ermes Rus JSC and Fendi Ru LLC) ended on December 31, 2023, it follows from the materials of the accounting statements of the companies that RBC studied. The companies did not renew them.
GUM has confirmed that Hermès and Fendi have vacated the premises. They clarified that the store of the Italian fashion house Pinko is now on the site of Fendi, and negotiations are still underway with applicants about the Hermès site, they did not disclose details in GUM.
The fourth Chinese Cross-border e-commerce Fair has opened in Fuzhou, Fujian Province in the southeast. It involves more than 30 cross-border e-commerce platforms from around the world and more than 1,500 exhibitors from China.
At the e-commerce exhibition, Norhayati company from Malaysia is looking for potential business partners in China. She came to China with a group of procurement specialists from Southeast Asia, one of the regions with the fastest growing e-commerce sector in the world.
Managing Director of Yetsmart Mgmt Consultancy Norhayati: "Chinese goods have been of good quality for many years. Many of the products on the shelves in Malaysia are made in China. We actively cooperate with Shopee and Lazada companies. If a company can supply its products or services to Malaysia or create a joint company with Malaysian partners, this can reduce logistics costs."
Sharon works in the same purchasing group. She is looking for Chinese food products for sale in Malaysia and abroad, as well as potential Chinese business partners.
Sharon Jeet Kaur, Chief Operating Officer of Bernam Food Industry: "What attracts me here is the prices. They are much lower here compared to other countries. And also, over time, the quality of the goods has become much better. And the delivery is much faster."
As cross-border e-commerce develops in China, local companies are increasingly seeking to bring their own brands to the global market.
Dan Hai, Executive Director of Midodo International Trading Limited: "In the past, China was most often assigned the role of a factory for goods, and the brands under which these goods were produced were controlled by companies from developed countries. After the advent of cross-border e-commerce, we can use the Internet to get Chinese goods directly to foreign markets and consumers. Thanks to this, we receive feedback, and this allows manufacturers to eliminate comments and improve the design."
Experts say that cross-border e-commerce is the fastest growing area of China's foreign trade with the greatest potential.
In China, AI sews custom-made clothes from a distance and in one day
Custom-made ready-made clothes in just one day. In China, this is already a reality. Thanks to the introduction of artificial intelligence into production, the client can take measurements on his own without leaving home. As employees of a garment factory in Zhejiang province say, new technologies allow you to fulfill an order not only quickly, but also more efficiently. Our correspondent Wang Shiqi decided to personally check how it works.
CGTN correspondent-Russian Wang Shiqi: "If we talk about custom-made clothing, many people probably immediately start thinking about the high price, the long waiting time for its manufacture, as well as the difficult process of placing the order itself, because the tailor needs to take all measurements, choose the material, style and so on. A Chinese company solved this problem. Customers can send a photo from the comfort of their homes, and the desired product will be ready in one day. How is this possible? We'll find out now!"
CGTN correspondent-Russian Wang Shiqi: "Now I will place an order for individual tailoring via the Internet."
After my photos are taken from the front, side and back, in just a few seconds, all the data about my height, chest circumference and sleeve length are automatically uploaded to the tablet. The whole process from fashion design to ordering takes no more than 5 minutes, and all this is done in an online format. According to manager Qi Hexian, this method of checking the size of clothes using artificial intelligence gives a more accurate and faster result if all this were done manually.
Qi Hexian, manager of the company for the sale and production of custom-made clothing: "All traditional cutters have their own techniques, which can lead to inaccuracies in measurement. In this case, we can provide the customer with the most accurate data using a unified measurement method. Based on over 5 million different shape types. The margin of error is about 1%, which already meets the needs of an individual clothing order. Besides, it saves a lot of time. This method is especially convenient and effective for those customers who are far from us. And they can place their order from a distance."
CGTN correspondent-Russian Wang Shiqi: "After placing an order, the pattern immediately goes into production. We came to the factory to see what stages my order goes through before it is fully completed."
Tracing the sewing process turned out to be more difficult than I expected. Because there are several lines running in parallel in the sewing workshop. Sleeves, front, hangers, backs - all this is sewn almost at the same time. And I found the secret of their high efficiency.
CGTN correspondent-Russian Wang Shiqi: "I noticed that each product has its own QR code. I'm interested in how it works."
Xu Xiaojun, an employee of the cutting shop: "I'm coloring the fabric. I lay it out on the table. I scan the QR code, and various forms of fabric cutting automatically appear on the screen. I just need to press the "start" button and the machine will automatically start cutting the fabric."
The clothes in the factory are made to order, but the tailors do not need to communicate with each other. More than a hundred stages of production - from the moment the fabric enters the workshop to the release of finished products - are recorded in this QR code. When scanning it, employees receive all the information that is necessary for work.
CGTN correspondent-Russian Wang Shiqi: "My costume is ready. Is it beautiful? I think it suits me very well."
Individuality is an important trend in the development of the textile industry. The Internet has significantly increased productivity. In this factory, an urgent order can be completed in just one day. Normally, it takes a week here. While traditional tailoring takes 15-20 days.
Zhang He, head of the Corporate management department for the sale and production of customized clothing, said: "The efficiency of our work has increased by at least 50%. The improvement in quality is even more obvious. Our main business is private custom orders. Each person's physique is different, and we want to emphasize the figure in the best possible way. Therefore, the requirements for tailoring are high. With the help of this smart system, you can track the entire process - from ordering to ready-made clothes. In particular, you can see who sewed the clothes and who checked them. Sharing encoded information has significantly reduced communication time and helped reduce the number of errors."
CGTN correspondent-Russian Wang Shiqi: "This is a new trend in the development of China's industrial sector, which is now declared as a combination of industry and the Internet. This model helps enterprises to increase production efficiency and reduce costs. In 2023, the industrial Internet contributed to an increase in the added value of the three main industries to 4.69 trillion yuan."
culture
The demand for Russian aesthetics in clothing has grown in the world
The demand for traditional Russian style of clothing has increased again in the world after the recession in 2022. According to the creator of the CoCo brand, orders most often come from Europe and the United States, and requests from Japan have also increased, the Izvestia TV channel reports.
In total, the number of orders from the Kostroma brand kokoshnikov abroad increased by 10%, and in Russia — by 90%. Russian designers provide various options: from a hint of a national costume to a pronounced style.
For example, domestic brands have bags hand-embroidered based on Russian fairy tales. Of course, there are inconveniences with logistics and international payments, but buyers abroad are ready to wait.
In 2024, for the first time in Russia, the world–famous Chinese New Year holiday is celebrated on a large scale
Before the start of the events in Moscow, extensive preparations were carried out. Specially designated streets plunged into the pre-holiday bustle, arousing the interest of all eyewitnesses. Hundreds of scarlet glowing lanterns swayed in the wind in the air between the historic houses of Kamergersky Lane. And on the street itself there are two houses with national Chinese food and large inflatable dragons.
Very close by on Tverskaya Square, grocery stores were decorated with Chinese characters and bright lanterns. The bookstores on Novy Arbat have also been transformed by the Chinese flavor. These locations are suitable for those who want to slightly touch the holiday, try Chinese cuisine and take unusual photos. Those wishing to immerse themselves in the diversity of Chinese culture are invited to visit Pavilion No. 22 at VDNH, where theatrical performances, master classes, and the Terracotta Army exhibition were prepared for the guests.







